Fashion app built with React Native. It allows users to discover the latest trends and browse collections of their favorite fashion items. The app offers a smooth and engaging user experience, making it easy for users to stay fashionable.

## Features

- Onboarding for new users
- User authentication and profile management
- Browse and search for fashion items
- View trending fashion collections
- Add items to wishlist
- Create and manage personal outfits
- Seamless shopping experience
- Push notifications for new arrivals and special offers
- File picker for uploading custom profile pictures

## App Pages

- **Onboarding Screen**: Introduction screens to guide new users through the app's features.
- **Auth Screens**: Login and registration screens for user authentication.
- **Home Screen**: Main screen displaying featured collections and popular items.
- **Trending Section**: A dedicated section showcasing trending fashion items and collections.
- **Search Screen**: Allows users to search for specific fashion items or categories.
- **Profile**: User profile management, including viewing and editing user information.
- **Create**: A screen where users can create and manage their own outfits.
- **File Picker**: Feature for users to upload custom profile pictures.

## Installation

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
      git clone https://github.com/Merve-1/ReactNativeFashionApp.git
   cd ReactNativeFashionApp
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

   or

   ```bash
   yarn install
   ```

3. **Run the app:**

   ```bash
   expo start
   ```

   This will start the development server and provide a QR code to run the app on your mobile device using the Expo Go app, or you can run it on an emulator.

## Usage

1. **Starting the Development Server:**

   To start the development server, run:

   ```bash
   expo start
   ```

2. **Running on a Physical Device:**

   - Download the Expo Go app from the App Store or Google Play Store.
   - Open Expo Go and scan the QR code generated by `expo start`.

3. **Running on an Emulator:**

   - Ensure you have an emulator installed and running.
   - Use the appropriate command in the Expo CLI to run the app on the emulator.
